Weapons.md, before:

# Weapons Study list and Testing Requirements (In addition to USAF)

Most of the weapons curriculum is based on Iwama-style foundations.
Sword movement is highly influenced by Seishinkan Iaido standards.

## Active study:

- Jo Suburi (20) - Saito  
- Jo Awase (8) - Saito via Kobayashi 
- 31 Jo Kata - Saito 
- Ken Suburi (7) - Saito  
- Happo Giri - Saito
- Ken Partner Blocking exercise - Hayes?  
- Ken Connection - East Coast USAF I think

## Additional Weapons Testing

### 5th Kyu
- Bokken:
  - Hold with Blade up on left thumb at 1:00
  - Bowing in (sitting and standing)
  - Chudan kamae
  - Shomen (kirioroshi), 
  - Hanmi ha direction (demonstrate with Tsuki)
- Jo:
  - Bowing
  - Normal start position
  - Tsuki No Bu 1-2
  - Block
  - Shomen
  - Yokumen

### 4th Kyu
- Jo Tsuki no bu
- 31 Jo - first 12 movements
- Jo Awase \#1-3
- Ken Suburi (7)
- Happo Giri

### 3rd Kyu
- 31 Jo Kata
- Jo Awase (8)
- Jo kihon (20)
- Ken TBD - possibly Ken Awase (7)
- Ken more - probably some awase from Vu

Commit message:

developed some more on the weapons standards

Weapons.md, after:

# Weapons Study list and Testing Requirements (In addition to USAF)

- Most of the weapons curriculum is based on Iwama-style foundations.
- Sword mechanics are highly influenced by Seishinkan Iaido standards.

## Active study:

- Jo Suburi (20) - Saito  
- Jo Awase (8) - Saito via Kobayashi 
- 31 Jo Kata - Saito 
- Ken Suburi (7) - Saito  
- Happo Giri - Saito
- Ken Awase (7) - Saito
- Shin Ken Awase (?) - USAF via Vu
    - Ken Partner Blocking exercise - USAF via Hayes
    - Ken Connection - USAF via Hayes
    - I've only seen most of this content from Vu at seminars.  I believe the exercises were Hayes Sensei breaking the larger piece down for us.  I plan on doing similar and making several smaller Awase from Vu's seminar video.

## Additional Weapons Testing

### 5th Kyu
- Bokken:
  - Hold with Blade up on left thumb at 1:00
  - Bowing in (sitting and standing)
  - Chudan kamae
  - Shomen (kirioroshi), 
  - Hanmi ha direction (demonstrate with Tsuki)
- Jo:
  - Bowing
  - Normal start position
  - Tsuki No Bu 1-2
  - Block
  - Shomen
  - Yokumen

### 4th Kyu
- Jo Tsuki no bu
- 31 Jo - first 12 movements
- Jo Awase \#1-3
- Ken Suburi (7)
- Happo Giri

### 3rd Kyu
- 31 Jo Kata
- Jo Awase (8)
- Jo kihon (20)
- Ken Awase (7)
- Shin Ken Awase (?) - not developed yet
